More MySQL 8.x compatibility updates (#16270)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-faq.md

### Is TiDB Cloud compatible with MySQL?

> Currently, TiDB Cloud supports the majority of MySQL 5.7 and MySQL 8.0 syntax with the exception of triggers, stored procedures, user-defined functions, and foreign keys. For more details, see [Compatibility with MySQL](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/mysql-compatibility).

Reviewer: Is not foreign keys supported in TiDB Cloud?

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, TiDB Cloud supports the majority of MySQL 5.7 and MySQL 8.0 syntax with the exception of triggers, stored procedures, and user-defined functions. For more details, see [Compatibility with MySQL](/mysql-compatibility.md).
```

Good catch. I think that needs updating as well. See also https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/foreign-key

Looks like the link is also not correct.
